What is there to look forward to?
I've been thinking about this for a while now.
Recently, a huge typhoon hit our area and inflicted severe damage.
Now, three generations of our family are temporarily living together in a small apartment.
Somehow, our family is keeping up our spiritual routine.
But to be honest,
our hearts aren't really in it.
We lost some close friends, our house, and the car.
From that day on, it's like we can't think or feel anything.
We are just going through the motions.
A brother from the disaster relief committee visited us.
He really listened to how we felt and gave us comfort from the Bible.
That evening, my son and I discussed how we can help our family.
We found a scripture at Jeremiah chapter 29 verse 11,
which says,
For I will know the thoughts that I'm thinking toward you, declares Jehovah.
Thoughts of peace and not of calamity.
To give you a future and a hope,
Jehovah is looking at our future and our hope.
Not just what we are facing now.
We thought about Moses' example.
By faith, Moses looked intently toward the payment of the reward.
We finally saw what we should do.
The next day, we all tried to envision the future paradise.
We all felt a ray of hope into our hearts.
What is there to look forward to?
I've been thinking about it for a while now.
When we dwell on the disaster, what we lost and just what we see before our eyes,
then we can so easily be discouraged and lose joy.
But when we look toward the reward that Jehovah will give us
and the future that Jehovah has in store for us,
even in such hard times,
we can rejoice in the hope.
Know the answer.
Yes, what I look forward to is our wonderful future.